Lab 1:
1. Check if your processor supports Intel/AMD virtualization technology. Enable Intel virtualization technology in BIOS if possible.
Answer: Support; already virtualization enabled

2. The cloud is almost everywhere in our lives now. What do you think are the fundamental reasons behind its success? Name three pros and three cons of cloud.
Answer: The fundamental reasons might be the economical and convinience. Those are the facts, while I have an example: I use a instance which is 2G2Core cloud computer to handle a program that I need to run it in 24h. I dont need to open my computer everytime or connect to WIFI because cloud computer can solve that problem.

pros: Economical(costs flexible), Convenience(Services are available anytime), Wide applicability(can be used in many areas such as hosting online games, running programs or accessing powerful CPUs/GPUs in short time)
cons: Security and Regulation, Network latency

3. What is the primary function of a hypervisor in virtualization?
Answer: The hypervisor is a specialized piece of system software that manages and runs virtual machines.
Type I hypervisor (bare-metal hypervisor, native hypervisor) is a virtualization platform that runs directly on the hardware of a physical computer
Type II hypervisor (hosted hypervisors, desktop hypervisors ) is a virtualization platform that runs on top of host OS (operates as applications within a standard OS)

4. What is a virtual machine (VM)?
Answer: A virtual machine is an abstraction of a complete compute environment through the combined virtualization of the processor, memory and I/O components of a computer.
A virtual machine is a complete compute environment with its own isolated processing capabilities, memory, and communication channels.


5. What are the benefits of using virtual machines?
Answer: Higher hardware utilization；Easier deployment；Elastic capacity；Better agility via live migration；Higher availability；Fault tolerance；Lower energy cost

6. List five use cases of virtual machines.
Answer: Changing the development environment;Long-running programs;Hosting online games;Accessing powerful CPUs/GPUs

7. In virtualization, what is the guest operating system?
a) The main operating system running on the physical machine
b) The operating system installed on a virtual machine
c) The operating system running on a remote server
d) The operating system running on a mobile device
Answer: b

8. What does virtual machine isolation mean?
a) Virtual machines can communicate directly with the physical hardware.
b) Virtual machines share the same resources and cannot be isolated.
c) Virtual machines run independently and are isolated from each other and the host system.
d) Virtual machines can only be accessed locally.
Answer: c

9. What is the benefit of virtual machine portability?
a) It allows virtual machines to communicate with each other easily.
b) It ensures faster boot times for virtual machines.
c) It allows virtual machines to be moved between different physical machines with compatible hypervisors.
d) It reduces the need for hardware virtualization.
Answer: c

10. What is the purpose of cloning a virtual machine?
Answer: Save installation and configuration time for company's large-scale deployment of systems;Test programs with the same configuration
